welcome to review recapped
today we will be showing you a sci-fi
zombie thriller movie named
army of the dead
spoilers ahead
relax and enjoy
the movie open showing a convoy of
soldiers transporting a highly
classified package from area 51 as the
soldiers speculate as to what it could
be
a scene at the same time has shown that
a newlywed couple is driving down the
same road
the husband becomes distracted as the
newly wed couple is making out
the couple crashes into the truck
blowing themselves up while the payload
comes loose
the soldiers approach it and are met by
a humongous zombie
zeus
who proceeds to tear the soldiers apart
he corners the two drivers and rips
one's jaw off before biting the other
one
the two become zombies and zeus has his
sights set on las vegas
zombies soon start to overrun vegas
leading several mercenaries to head in
and eliminate as many creatures as
possible many casualties occur but soon
the whole city is separated from the
rest of the world
years past and one of the mercenaries
scott ward is working at a diner when he
is approached by billionaire casino
owner blai tanaka he informs scott that
there is 200 million dollars beneath the
vegas strip under his hotel and he wants
scott and a team to get the money before
the government nukes vegas to wipe out
all the zombies tanaka tells scott that
he can take 50 million and split it
amongst his crew
scott's daughter kate works as a
volunteer at a quarantine's own camp she
is friends with a woman named gita and
helps her look after her two kids
gita wants to enlist the aid of a woman
named lily also known as the coyote who
helps smuggle people out of the camp
past the city
peter just wants to get enough money to
bribe the guards to get her and her kids
out of the camps the ladies are then
harassed by a volatile guard named bert
who looks for whatever excuse he can to
harass the women
scott is haunted by the fact that he was
forced to kill his wife in front of kate
after she became a zombie and it is part
of why kate hasn't seen him in years
he reluctantly agrees with tanaka to go
through with the job
scott begins by recruiting an old friend
and teammate maria cruz who is working
as a mechanic
she doesn't hesitate to join scott and
they go recruit another former teammate
van der rohe who works at a retirement
home
they then go after safecracker ludwig
dieter helicopter pilot marianne peters
and zombie killer mikey guzman
the team goes to meet tanaka to go over
the plan
guzman brings two other members damon
and chambers although damon leaves when
he learns that zombies are involved
tanaka gives the team blueprints for the
job and he sends them with his
right-hand man martin they head towards
the city's entrance where scott reunites
with kate although it is obviously a
rough reunion
they recruit lily to join them but when
kate learns that gita asked lily for
help and didn't come back from the city
with her kate punches lily in the face
lily insists that she did not intend to
leave gita behind but there is a
possibility she is still alive
kate decides to join the team despite
scott's objections
lily also manages to get cummings to go
along claiming she needs one more guy
the team makes it into vegas where they
find a zombie tiger named valentine
guarding the outside as they proceed to
move forward lily shoots cummings in the
leg and ties him up stating that there
are smarter stronger alpha zombies out
there and she intended to bring cummings
as an offering in retribution for him
raping the women at the camps the team
hides while the queen of the zombies the
bride comes by to sniff cummings before
she and another zombie drag him away to
the olympus casino where kate thinks
gita may be
sure enough cummings is brought before
zeus and his horde of alpha zombies and
zeus turns the cowardly guard into one
of them with a bite
later it's shown that the team moves
forward underground where lily warns
them about the hibernating zombies they
attempt to move quietly past the zombies
but chambers accidentally bumps into one
she stabs it in the head but another
wakes up
head stab
then another wakes up
the last one's arm causes some trays to
slide down causing noise that wakes all
the zombies up the team starts to fire
on them and chambers manages to kill a
few but she becomes overwhelmed and
bitten
she looks to guzman who remorsefully
shoots one of her gas tanks to blow her
and the other zombies up so that the
others can get out
the team makes it further in where they
discover more blueprints to the building
meaning tanaka has had other teams come
in and die for his money martin claims
to deny knowing anything about it the
team splits up with martin and lily
going to do a perimeter check peter's
starting up the helicopter dieter
joining van der rohe and gusman to the
vault and scott and kate go to turn on
the power
while together scott and kate discuss
them being estranged which kate says had
more to do with scott not being there
for her after her mom died
meanwhile theater tries to find a safe
way into the safe when he and the others
find multiple skeletons of other
mercenaries
the movie gets more exciting when
outside martin and lily encounter the
bride
martin manages to overpower her in
beheader telling lily that the head is
worth more than what is in the vault
zeus later rides by on a zombie horse
with his own bulletproof helmet and
finds the bride's headless body he
mourns her and pulls out their unborn
zombie baby he roars and leads the other
alphas to get the humans van der rohe
and gusman find a zombie to use as bait
by tossing a microwaved hand to the end
of the hall so that he can set off all
the booby traps and leave the path safe
for the other three
at the same time the others learn that
the nuke launch has been moved up
leaving them until sunset to get the
money and flee
the helicopter starts to malfunction and
peters has to fix it
the rest of the team reconvenes down by
the vault where deter successfully opens
it the team rejoices in their discovery
and starts to take their shares out on
their way out maria admits to scott that
she agreed to the mission not for the
money but for him he admits that he
thought he messed things up between them
after the outbreak but it appears they
are willing to give it another shot and
then an elevator full of zombies comes
down
one of them grabs maria's head and
twists at 180 degrees to scott's horror
but he is forced to fight and run
meanwhile martin traps lily as he
escapes with the bride's head saying
that that's what tanaka wanted all along
with the intention of using her dna to
create a whole zombie army to control
dieter and van der rohe fight off the
zombies near the vault but dieter is
killed while van der rohe becomes
trapped inside the vault when it shuts
the team continues to try and escape but
gusman is bitten and sets off grenades
to kill the zombies and himself
martin tries to make off with the head
but is found by valentine who tosses him
around viciously until finally making a
meal out of martin's head
scott and lily make it to the fixed
helicopter but they are found by zeus
lily holds the bride's head having
switched it before martin found out and
uses it to hold zeus off while scott and
peters get away
zeus impales lily with a bar but she
tosses the bride's head and makes it
splatter on the pavement before zeus can
get it
scott realizes that kate went to the
olympus to try and find gita and he
convinces peters to help him find her
kate finds gita and another woman named
sadie they encounter the zombified
cummings who kill sadie before the other
zombies show up
kate shoots cummings in the head while
trying to get away with gita the two
encounter scott who hold zeus off with a
grenade they make it to the roof where
peters appears to have left them but she
comes back after changing her mind as
they fly away zeus jumps onto the
chopper and fights scott
peters attempts to fly fast enough just
as the nuke drops onto vegas
in the ensuing chaos zeus bites scott in
the arm but he manages to grab his gun
and blow zeus's head off
the impact of the blast catches up to
the chopper and causes it to crash
killing peters and gita
kate survives and goes to scott who is
dying
he gives her enough money to help guide
his kids get out of the camp
heartbreaking scene of the movie shows
that she tearfully says goodbye to her
father and shoots him in the head when
he becomes a zombie
kate breaks down just as another
helicopter comes to recover her
the movie ends showing the ruins of
vegas van der rohe emerges from the
vault with his shares of the money
he finds a car and drives to an airport
where he rents a private jet as he does
a toast with the stewardesses
he starts to feel dizzy
van der rohe goes to the bathroom and
discovers a bite mark on his arm
and the pilot says they are about to
descend into mexico city
thanks for watching
hope you enjoyed
please subscribe
and help us grow by turning on the
notifications